# Ulord Technical White Paper 
**Abstract:** With the further development of Internet technology, Internet and service develop toward the direction of high centralization, which brings bloated, inefficient and costly problem. The blockchain technology creates a new revolution in the Internet world, and decentralized and trusted technology replaces the traditional centralization role, so that the whole world is organized into large value communication Internet to achieve a rapid evolution from information Internet to the value Internet. In recent years, with the rising of value of digital virtual currency, the blockchain technology has the worldwide attention, but a large number of investors just consider the digital currency as the appreciation, hedging tool, ignoring the real value of blockchain. How to use the blockchain technology in reality application has become a great challenge in the world of Internet. 
The project focuses on master node system, voting mechanism, InterPlanetary Domain Name System, interstellar domain name system, sidechain technology, consensus mechanism, smart contract, machine learning algorithm, other key technologies of blockchain, and artificial intelligence, aiming to develop a public blockchain that can be applied to many applications. Based on the public blockchain, a complete set of agreements can be established and provide all kinds of friendly API to allow third-party developers to build their own applications on top of its open source agreement, which can be widely used in knowledge sharing, ad delivery, code sharing, live video and other fields. It changes and reshapes the current situation of the industry in these fields so that the centralized platform between the publisher and the consumer of information resources will no longer be the leader in the resource and value communication, and thus break the shackles of the Internet that can not effectively transmit the value. It makes the transfer of knowledge and information more smooth and extensive, and gradually establish a good ecology featuring basic public blockchain, chain applications, value creation, information consumption and the participation of many actors such as developers of open source communities. 

- [Background](#background)
# Background
Science and technology are the locomotives of historical development, creating new social forms. The development of science and technology has promoted the changes in all the elements within the productive forces, and triggered the changes in industrial structure, economic forms, as well as the mode of economic growth so as to push the corresponding changes of social relations of production. From the perspective of historical development, the emergence of iron tools greatly enhanced people's ability and efficiency of working in arable land, and broke the situation of slave owners oppressing a large group of slaves to collective farming. The family-based model of farming emerged and the cultivated land was greatly expanded, which brought the feudal society's production relations; the first revolution in science and technology initiated the era of substituting manual labor for machinery. The industrial production required large-scale collaborative production. As a result, peasants migrated from home to work in factories and formed industrial relations in production. In the information age, the network allows people to have no physical distance restrictions, and data becomes an important means of production, which also brings about new production relations in the information age. People gradually accept the concept that data means wealth. But by the time of the Internet popularization, is it possible that the data of each one become wealth? Not necessarily so. Most of our data doesn't produce value, and some of it is even used by some platforms as an important source of wealth. The world needs change, and we want to put the right back into the hands of data creators, just as workers want to get back their own land on which they live. The rapid development of information technology is bound to give birth to the new relations in the information society.
The very beginning of the Internet was advocated as a free and equal thought. But the data and the liquidity of the data create the gap between the ideal and the reality. In the data transaction and knowledge transfer process, many problems cannot be ignored:
	The confirmation of copyright is difficult, and information creators are hard to get a corresponding return.
With the further development of copyright economy in recent years, people's awareness of copyright has increased gradually. In fact, in addition to the traditional books, music, movies, copyrights, many personal creation or experience has copyright, but this kind of copyright is often difficult to confirm. Individuals tend to be rewarded by the flow or the influence, but it is difficult to make their own ideas or experience rewarded. And even if there is a way to confirm the copyright works, the centralized broadcasting organizations or platforms play a leading role, especially the Giants which have formed in some industries even as a decisive role in information dissemination. Creators must obey the rules which are established by the central organization if they need to get user approvals, and the transaction process is cumbersome and always controlled by platform. Therefore users are hard to get reasonable rights and interests, which seriously frustrates their enthusiasm and creativity to create high-quality contents.
	Digital content quality varies greatly; users cannot get good contents quickly
In the era of mobile Internet where the flow rate is considered as the most significant aspect, public attention becomes a new scarce resource. However, when there are a large number of headline parties and sensational information, users are hard to make effective screening when facing such a large amount of information in a short time, or even fulfilled by a lot of spams and advertising information which likely reflects a “lonely voices” in creating high quality contents, so as to threaten the living space of creators seriously. It is hard to balance the high-quality production and efficient dissemination of the content, ultimately resulting in “poor coins drives out good coins”. It is nonsense to improve the current situation by relying on a centralized platform. The economic base determines the superstructure, and only disruptive technologies and mechanisms can accomplish this revolution.
	Internet Information exploding, lower accurate matching rate between users and contents
Information platform attaches great importance to how to capture users and take a huge price in in advertising marketing, operations management, branding. But there is still a big gap in user habits, depth of interest mining, and the accuracy of information push. For example, in advertising delivery, people are passive to accept ads, and product promoters have to pay a large amount of fees to advertise media company, while the ads may not be able to accurately push to potential users. The so-called precision information delivery is to start from the user behavior to get potential customer information, this approach has a high threshold for the data, and ultimately only the "oligarchs" platform will have the opportunity to achieve through technology. 
Faced with a huge market prospect, blockchain technology as an effective way to solve the plight of content distribution industry, has drew great attention between technology enthusiasts and investors who have sensitive olfactory. At present, some projects are trying to make use of blockchain to make changes in the information and content industries, but all in an initial stage. There is no mature product or model can bring disruptive changes to the industry.


## [English](http://ulord.one/whitepaper/web/viewer.html?lang=en)
## [Chinese](http://ulord.one/whitepaper/web/viewer.html?lang=zh)

# Ulord Technical Features

## Instant payment
 By the master node system, it can support more than 4000 transactions per second to meet the demand of practical application better.
## Smart Contract
 Through smart contract, the benefit of content creators can be protected and the platform intermediate links can be removed to maximize the creators' benefits.
## InterPlanetary Domain Name System, IPDNS
 By constructing InterPlanetary Domain Name System, it provides users decentralized domain name analysis service. The domain name is easy to remember and convenient to use.
## Multi-sidechain Technology
 According the classification of application features, Ulord takes different sidechains to load different applications and through joint mining technology ensures the sidechain safety on Ulord.
## Mixed Consensus Mechanism
 With the mixed consensus mechanism of PoW and PoS, CPU mining algorithm on PoW mechanism can effectively prevent the GPU or ASIC mining, and at the same time the user can get reward by providing storage and bandwidth resource.
## Decentralized Data Storage and Sharing Mechanism
 Based on blockchain technology database platform, it supports standard SQL language, and realizes the application of decentralized format data storage and download demand without a central server.
## Digital Content Self-purification and Self-maintenance Mechanism
 By voting mechanism and content smart check mechanism, it can calculate, analyze and filtrate the originality, sensitivity, quality of the content.
## Smart Push Based on AI algorithm
 It can integrate knowledge structure characteristics, the theme features, semantic features, etc., to realize smart push to different users according to user data and behavioral data.
## Efficient Value Sharing Mechanism
 It establishes the value transmission chain for content distribution, and by benefit distribution mechanism, encourages users to actively participate to form a good ecology featuring valuable content contribution and active spread.
